Improve docs for table statistics (#24892)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/optimizer/statistics.md

Trino supports statistics based optimizations for queries. For a query to take
advantage of these optimizations, Trino must have statistical information for

> the tables in that query. 

Reviewer: Remove trailing space

Hive connector does not currently provide statistics on data size.

Table statistics can be displayed via the Trino SQL interface using the
[](/sql/show-stats) command.

> Depending on the connector support, table statistics are potentially updated by

Reviewer: `potentially` is redundant with `Depending on`.
```suggestion
Depending on the connector support, table statistics are updated by
```

> Trino with data changes managed by Trino. For example, the [Delta Lake

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trino when executing Data Modification Language (DML) queries, like `INSERT`, `UPDATE`, or `DELETE`. For example, the [Delta Lake
```

connector](delta-lake-table-statistics), the [Hive connector](hive-analyze), and
the [Iceberg connector](iceberg-table-statistics) all support table statistics

> management from Trino. You can also initiate updates manually with the
> [](/sql/analyze) command if other systems manipulate the data without Trino so
> that the table statistics are updated. Other connectors rely on the underlying
> data source to manage table statistics or do not support table statistics use at
> all.

Reviewer: Here's my attempt to make it more explicit when calling ANALYZE in Trino is required:
```suggestion
management from Trino. You can also make Trino collect the statistics with the
[](/sql/analyze) command. This is needed when other systems manipulate the data without Trino, and statistics tracked by Trino are out of date. Other connectors rely on the underlying data source to manage table statistics or do not support table statistics use at all.
```

Hive connector does not currently provide statistics on data size.

Table statistics can be displayed via the Trino SQL interface using the
[](/sql/show-stats) command.

Depending on the connector support, table statistics are updated by Trino when
executing [data management statements](sql-data-management) like `INSERT`,
`UPDATE`, or `DELETE`. For example, the [Delta Lake
connector](delta-lake-table-statistics), the [Hive connector](hive-analyze), and
the [Iceberg connector](iceberg-table-statistics) all support table statistics
management from Trino. 

> You can also force statistics collectionmanually with the [](/sql/analyze)

Reviewer: There's nothing forceful about it.
```suggestion
You can also make Trino collect statistics with the [](/sql/analyze)
```

Author: "make" is kinda bad.. I will use "initialize"
